docs: [CI integrations] in-progress builds document (#1267)
platform-platform/monorepo: metrics/ci_integrations/docs/features/in_progress_builds/in_progress_builds_introduction.md

The re-syncing in-progress builds stage is described within the [Re-Sync In-Progress Builds](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/metrics/ci_integrations/docs/06_builds_synchronization.md#re-sync-in-progress-builds) and [Making Things Work](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/metrics/ci_integrations/docs/06_builds_synchronization.md#making-things-work) sections of the [Builds Synchronization](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/metrics/ci_integrations/docs/06_builds_synchronization.md) document. This section also covers how steps of the re-sync part should work. Thus, to implement the desired part of the sync algorithm, it is strongly recommended to follow the definitions and tips listed in the mentioned document.

The following table contains methods to implement for the `CiIntegration` with a short description:

|Method|Description|
|---|---|
|`_syncInProgressBuilds`|Re-syncs in-progress builds for the specified projects. This method represents the `Re-Sync In-Progress Builds` stage of the sync algorithm.|

> |`_syncInProgressBuild`|Re-syncs the given in-progress build and returns a new build data. If the build shouldn't be changed, returns `null`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`_fetchInProgressBuildUpdate`|Re-syncs the given in-progress build and returns a new build data. If the build shouldn't be changed, returns `null`.|
```
Would it be great to make this method name be a bit more different to avoid confusion with the `_syncInProgressBuilds`?

Author: Resolving this as separating algorithm stages into different classes may remove the naming problem.

The following subsection covers the details of changes to the Firestore integration.

##### Firestore Integration

The Firestore destination integration allows interacting with the Firestore database to manipulate synchronized builds data. The in-progress builds introduction requires the Firestore integration to be able to fetch in-progress builds for re-syncing and updating these builds after the re-syncing completes. The `DestinationClient` interface contains new methods required for the sync algorithm.

The following methods are to be implemented for the `FirestoreDestinationClientAdapter` to match the `DestinationClient` interface:

- `fetchBuildsWithStatus`
- `updateBuilds`

The `fetchBuildsWithStatus` is used by the sync algorithm to fetch in-progress builds stored in the database. This method should throw if the project with the given identifier does not exist. If the project exists but doesn't have synchronized builds yet, the method should return an empty list.

> The `updateBuilds` method is used to update in-progress builds with new data and status. This method should throw if the project with the given identifier does not exist. If updating one of the builds fails, the method should continue updating other builds, as the failed build can be re-synced later, during the next synchronization. Generally speaking, the implementation should consider the following cases:

Reviewer: It would be great to clarify what does the `implementation should consider` actually mean?

The following class diagram demonstrates the described changes:

![Sync command class diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/raw/ci_integrations_in_progress_doc/metrics/ci_integrations/docs/features/in_progress_builds/diagrams/sync_command_class_diagram.puml)

#### Sync Algorithm

The algorithm synchronizes builds for the specified `source` and `destination` integrations. The in-progress builds introduction requires this algorithm to be divided into two main parts: re-sync in-progress builds and sync new builds. The second part is how the synchronization algorithm is implemented now. So the purpose of the algorithm changes is to implement the re-syncing in-progress builds. 

Moreover, the synchronization algorithm is now divided into stages that are represented by `SyncStage`s implementers. Thus, the existing sync algorithm should now be interpreted as one of the `SyncStage` implementations. Consider the [Sync Algorithm Stages](#sync_algorithm_stages) to know the details about `SyncStage`s.

> _**Note**: The algorithm parts shouldn't be performed in parallel. The first stage is to re-sync in-progress builds. If and only if the first stage finishes successfully, the second stage with syncing new builds is started. To follow this requirement, `_syncInProgressBuilds` and `_syncBuilds` finish with `InteractionResult` instances._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_**Note**: The algorithm parts shouldn't be performed in parallel. The first stage is to re-sync in-progress builds. If and only if the first stage finishes successfully, the second stage with syncing new builds is started. To follow this requirement, `SyncStage.sync` finishes with `InteractionResult` instance._
```
Does it make sense?
